README.md, before:

# libmodbus-rs
## [libmodbus](http://libmodbus.org/) bindings for Rust [![Crates.io version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/libmodbus-rs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/libmodbus-rs) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/dfjyswsgj6menctw?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs?branch=master)

[Homepage |][homepage]&nbsp;
[Documentation |][docu]&nbsp;
[original libmodbus Documentation |][libmodbus-docu]&nbsp;
[Repo auf Github.com |][repo]


**This crate is in early beta state. Please don't use in production and expect odd behavior.**

This crate based on the latest libmodbus git:master branch. I plan to support the different libmodbus version via cargo's `feature` feature.

## Usage

Include the dependencies into your `Cargo.toml` file.

### for stable (crates.io)

```toml
[dependencies]
libmodbus-rs = "0.4"
```

### or development (github master)

```toml
[dependencies]
libmodbus-rs = { git = "https://github.com/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs.git" }
```

Some header files of the original libmodbus C library are recreated as traits (e.g. ModbusTCP, ModbusRTU, ModbusServer, ModbusClient, ...).
For example if you what to build an modbus server, in the modbus tcp context, include the following:

```rust
extern crate libmodbus_rs;

use libmodbus_rs::{Modbus, ModbusTCP, ModbusServer};
```

The examples in the examples dir, show this.

## Documentation

[Documentation (crates.io)][docu]

[Documentation (master)][docu-master]

## Building libmodbus-rs

The libmobus ffi bindings (libmodbus-sys) are build using [bindgen][bindgen]. [Bindgen need Clang 3.9 or greater on your system.][bindgen-reg]

### Dependencies Archlinux

```sh
pacman -S autoconf clang39 git libtool make
```

### Dependencies Debian based (e.g. Ubuntu)

```sh
apt-get install autoconf build-essential curl clang-3.9 git-core libtool
```

Look also at the local ci/ docker files under `./ci/docker-archlinux` and `.ci/docker-debian9` for a known working, minimal setup.

For mor information about the bindgen requirements please visit [https://servo.github.io/rust-bindgen/requirements.html][bindgen-reg]

If all dependencies are solved, compile with `cargo build` and/ or run the tests with `cargo test`.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs
cd libmodbus-rs
cargo build
```


## Examples

All original libmodbus examples are reproduced in Rust. You can find them in the
`examples` directory of this crate.

* `random-test-server.rs` is necessary to launch a server before running `random-test-client.rs`. By default, it receives and replies to Modbus query on the localhost and port 1502.

* `random-test-client.rs` sends many different queries to a large range of addresses and values to test the communication between the client and the server.

* `unit-test-server.rs` and unit-test-client run a full unit test suite. These programs are essential to test the Modbus protocol implementation and libmodbus behavior.

* `bandwidth-server-one.rs`, `bandwidth-server-many-up.rs` and `bandwidth-client.rs` return very useful information about the performance of transfert rate between the server and the client. `bandwidth-server-one.rs` can only handles one connection at once with a client whereas `bandwidth-server-many-up.rs` opens a connection for each new clients (with a limit).

To start, for example, the random test server/ client use the following commands

```sh
cargo run --example random-test-server
```

In another shell start the client after the server
```sh
cargo run --example random-test-client
```


# License

`libmodbus-rs` is distributed under the terms of the LGPL-2.1 license, which is the same license, [libmodbus](http://libmodbus.org/) is using.


# Links

* [http://libmodbus.org][libmodbus]
* [https://github.com/stephane/libmodbus.git][libmodbus-repo]
* [https://github.com/servo/rust-bindgen][bindgen]
* [https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ffi.html](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ffi.html)

This project hosts the original libmodbus documentation, used here, as well. Please have a look at http://zzeroo.github.io/libmodbus-rs/libmodbus/libmodbus.html.

[homepage]: http://zzeroo.github.io/libmodbus-rs
[repo]: https://github.com/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs
[docu]: https://docs.rs/crate/libmodbus-rs
[docu-master]: http://zzeroo.github.io/libmodbus-rs/libmodbus_rs/index.html
[libmodbus]: http://libmodbus.org
[libmodbus-repo]: https://github.com/stephane/libmodbus.git
[libmodbus-docu]: http://zzeroo.github.io/libmodbus-rs/libmodbus/libmodbus.html
[bindgen]: https://github.com/servo/rust-bindgen
[bindgen-reg]: https://servo.github.io/rust-bindgen/requirements.html

Commit message:

Windows ci via appveyor removed
The libmodbus windows build seems more theoretical for me. And if that
is not working how you want a rust binding ontop of that made running?

README.md, after:

# libmodbus-rs
## [libmodbus](http://libmodbus.org/) bindings for Rust &nbsp;
[![Crates.io version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/libmodbus-rs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/libmodbus-rs) &nbsp;
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs) &nbsp;
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs?branch=master)

[Homepage |][homepage] &nbsp;
[Documentation |][doc] &nbsp;
[Original libmodbus documentation |][libmodbus-doc] &nbsp;
[Github repo |][repo]

**This crate is in early beta state. Please don't use in production and expect odd behavior.**

This crate based on the latest libmodbus git:master branch. I plan to support the different libmodbus version via cargo's `feature` feature.

## Usage

Include the dependencies into your `Cargo.toml` file.

### for stable (crates.io)

```toml
[dependencies]
libmodbus-rs = "0.4"
```

### or development (github master)

```toml
[dependencies]
libmodbus-rs = { git = "https://github.com/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs.git" }
```

Some header files of the original libmodbus C library are recreated as traits (e.g. ModbusTCP, ModbusRTU, ModbusServer, ModbusClient, ...).
For example if you what to build an modbus server, in the modbus tcp context, include the following:

```rust
extern crate libmodbus_rs;

use libmodbus_rs::{Modbus, ModbusTCP, ModbusServer};
```

The examples in the examples directory show this.

## Documentation

[Documentation (crates.io)][doc]

[Documentation (master)][doc-master]

## Building libmodbus-rs

The libmodbus ffi bindings (libmodbus-sys) are build using [bindgen][bindgen]. [Bindgen need Clang 3.9 or greater on your system.][bindgen-reg]

### Dependencies Archlinux

```sh
pacman -S autoconf clang39 git libtool make
```

### Dependencies Debian based (e.g. Ubuntu)

```sh
apt-get install autoconf build-essential curl clang-3.9 git-core libtool
```

Look also at the local ci/ docker files under `./ci/docker-archlinux` and `.ci/docker-debian9` for a known working, minimal setup.

For more information about the bindgen requirements please visit [https://servo.github.io/rust-bindgen/requirements.html][bindgen-reg]

If all dependencies are solved, compile with `cargo build` and/ or run the tests with `cargo test`.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs
cd libmodbus-rs
cargo build
```


## Examples

All original libmodbus examples are reproduced in Rust. You can find them in the
`examples` directory of this crate.

* `random-test-server.rs` is necessary to launch a server before running `random-test-client.rs`. By default, it receives and replies to Modbus query on the localhost and port 1502.

* `random-test-client.rs` sends many different queries to a large range of addresses and values to test the communication between the client and the server.

* `unit-test-server.rs` and unit-test-client run a full unit test suite. These programs are essential to test the Modbus protocol implementation and libmodbus behavior.

* `bandwidth-server-one.rs`, `bandwidth-server-many-up.rs` and `bandwidth-client.rs` return very useful information about the performance of transfer rate between the server and the client. `bandwidth-server-one.rs` can only handles one connection at once with a client whereas `bandwidth-server-many-up.rs` opens a connection for each new clients (with a limit).

To start, for example, the random test server/ client use the following commands

```sh
cargo run --example random-test-server
```

In another shell start the client after the server
```sh
cargo run --example random-test-client
```


# License

`libmodbus-rs` is distributed under the terms of the LGPL-2.1 license, which is the same license, [libmodbus](http://libmodbus.org/) is using.


# Links

* [http://libmodbus.org][libmodbus]
* [https://github.com/stephane/libmodbus.git][libmodbus-repo]
* [https://github.com/servo/rust-bindgen][bindgen]
* [https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ffi.html](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ffi.html)

This project hosts the original libmodbus documentation, used here, as well. Please have a look at http://zzeroo.github.io/libmodbus-rs/libmodbus/libmodbus.html.

[homepage]: http://zzeroo.github.io/libmodbus-rs
[repo]: https://github.com/zzeroo/libmodbus-rs
[doc]: https://docs.rs/crate/libmodbus-rs
[doc-master]: http://zzeroo.github.io/libmodbus-rs/libmodbus_rs/index.html
[libmodbus]: http://libmodbus.org
[libmodbus-repo]: https://github.com/stephane/libmodbus.git
[libmodbus-doc]: http://zzeroo.github.io/libmodbus-rs/libmodbus/libmodbus.html
[bindgen]: https://github.com/servo/rust-bindgen
[bindgen-reg]: https://servo.github.io/rust-bindgen/requirements.html
